Oh guys I would like to say that I
recently got sponsored by since gaming
real cool products code is cinch 8-3
Cinna Stix I think so if not I'll put in
description intercept by the way tool
two three four five six I didn't say an
intro because I didn't want to forget
the code again good this is just like an
email what's going on looking me up
coming right now I'm going to move in
see not all right is this Sunday no the
next Sunday after this Sunday I will be
moving will be driving sounds and so not
after some stuff goes on and all that so
um anyway I just wanted to say we
recently hit 110 subscribers so I'd like
to say thank you again for that that's
really amazing I thought I'd never get
past 8 subscribers so anyway some
scheming that stuff
use the code I would put in there really
cool stuff if you like controllers like
custom controllers then this is read
like no do this stuff looks cool and
it's cheaper than like getting it at a
game station or something like that but
my opinion so use codes 5 cent discount
of thing and I get some of the proceeds
so I'm gonna try to do is music just
better recording and stuff so this
student stuff maybe trying to do a
little bit more so spend on Pat again
and you accessorize what you guys know
about that and I will be trying to
assess the sub livestream soon and help
you guys out with that so anyway just
wanted to say say about that um
the link to since gaming will be in the
description below so it will be code B
in case it's wrong on here I don't want
you to get that wrong leave a like and
comment down below I really appreciate
the feedback and subscribe if you want
to not obligations a little too but I
really like it
I wanna get I want to get into 200
subscribers or 100
you know maybe I'll see you guys in the
next video or in the livestream so
remember this video responses expounded
Lee this video response election game so
anyway I will see you guys in the next
video bye